This you guys will come back to the course.
So this lecture were going to deviate from the light side and go to the dark side a little bit.
This section are going to cover something that is pretty black hat.
Now if you couldn't tolerate the bots are definitely not going to tolerate the zombies so I suggest
you just skip on to the next section where we're going to do is we're going to create zombie accounts
now.
Essentially what this is is we're going to create what are called Fan Page accounts and there are a
lot of accounts out there that do this.
Most large accounts for say like sports accounts or modeling or lifestyle.
They all use this tactic and you'll see it constantly when you go to the search section you search someone's
name and then all of a sudden you notice there's a lot of really good accounts for whatever reason.
If you go to a social media agency this is actually what they do they charge you tens of thousands of
dollars and they just make zombie accounts and then manage them.
It's kind of crazy.
So what we're to do in this section is we're going to explore this and it's totally up to you if you
want to use this tactic in some cases it works really well in some cases it doesn't.
And we're going to introduce a new tool called Jarvi and this is something that we're actually going
to set up in the cloud by opening up a VPN virtual private server so that it can run 24/7.
Now this will allow us to manage a whole lot of accounts.
And then we're going to follow kind of the best practices have to make sure they run well and they're
effective and how exactly we can make these random zombies roam the earth and somehow benefit us in
some way.
And yeah I realize this is a bit obscure but if you want to be competitive on Instagram you got to know
all the skills because other people are doing it so you should at least have the option of doing it
yourself.
That being said I will see you in the next lecture.